---
layout:     post
title:      "Traffic-Flow-Predict Overview"
subtitle:   "交通流量论文综述"
date:       2020-06-24
author:     "wumingyao"
header-img: "img/in-post/2020.06/24/bg.jpg"
tags: [论文综述]
categories: [交通预测]
---
## 主要内容
* [OVERVIEW](#p1)
* [References](#p2)
## 正文

###  <span id="p1">OVERVIEW</span>
Huang et al. [1] used two deep learning models, i.e., Stacked Autoencoder (SAE) and Deep Belief Networks (DBN) to predict the traffic flow respectively.

Chen et al.[2] constructed a deep learning network using time series functions to extract traffic flow characteristics.

Koesdwiady et al.[3] proposed a holistic deep architecture to improve traffic flow prediction, in which DBNs were used for traffic and weather prediction and a correlation between weather parameters and traffic flow was investigated.

Based on multi-scale network and ConvLSTM,Chu et al.[4] proposed the MultiConvLSTM, which can extract temporal and spatial characteristics from historical data and metadata to predict the traffic of origin–destination .

Chu et al.[5] formulated the public transportation network as a graph, and developed a semi-supervised classification model based on Graph Convolution Network, which can directly on the graph-structured data with limited labelled data.
###  <span id="p2">References</span>
[1] W. Huang, G. Song, H. Hong and K. Xie, "Deep architecture for traffic flow prediction: Deep belief networks with multitask learning", Intelligent Transportation Systems IEEE Transactions on, vol. 15, no. 5, pp. 2191-2201, 2014.

[2] Lv, Y.; Duan, Y.; Kang, W.; Li, Z.; Wang, F.Y. Traffic flow prediction with big data: A deep learning approach. Trans. Intell. Transp. Syst. 2015, 16, 865–873. [Google Scholar] [CrossRef]

[3] Koesdwiady A., Soua R., Karray F. Improving traffic flow prediction with weather information in connected cars: a deep learning approach IEEE Trans. Veh. Technol., 65 (12) (2016), pp. 9508-9517

[4] K. F. Chu, A. Y. S. Lam and V. 0. K. L, "Deep Multi-Scale Convolutional LSTM Network for Travel Demand and Origin-Destination Predictions," in IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Trans portation Systems.

[5] K. F. Chu, A. Y. S. Lam, B. P. Y. Loo and V. O. K. Li, "Public Transport Waiting Time Estimation Using Semi-Supervised Graph Convolutional Networks," 
